_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Associate Professor of Linguistics, <a href='https://linguistics.berkeley.edu/'>UC Berkeley</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>1203 Dwinelle Hall #2650</p>
    <p>Berkeley, CA 94720-2650</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am an Associate Professor in the [Department of Linguistics](https://linguistics.berkeley.edu/) at UC Berkeley. My research investigates phonological processes and the interfaces of phonology with syntax and morphology through documentary linguistic work.

My primary research focuses on Kru languages, particularly Guébie, spoken in Côte d'Ivoire. I have also conducted research on languages from multiple African language families, including Atchan and Ga (Kwa, Ghana), Lobi (Gur, Côte d'Ivoire), Nouchi (urban youth language), Dafing (Mande, Burkina Faso), Amharic (Semitic, Ethiopia), Nobiin (Nilotic, Sudan), and Moro (Kordofanian, Sudan).

I am currently organizing [AMP 2025](https://sites.google.com/berkeley.edu/amp2025/home) at Berkeley. I also manage [Twisted Tongues](https://www.twisted-tongues.com/), a database management tool for fieldworkers.

Commit message:

Use exact language from current site, add 2nd news item, improve github action

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Associate Professor of Linguistics, <a href='https://linguistics.berkeley.edu/'>UC Berkeley</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>1203 Dwinelle Hall #2650</p>
    <p>Berkeley, CA 94720-2650</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am an Associate Professor of Linguistics at UC Berkeley. I carry out documentary linguistic work, which is informed by and contributes to linguistic theory. Specifically, I investigate phonological processes and the interfaces of phonology with syntax and morphology.

My research focuses on Kru languages, especially Guébie (Côte d'Ivoire). I have also worked with speakers of Atchan and Ga (Kwa, Ghana), Lobi (Gur, Côte d'Ivoire), Nouchi (urban youth language, Côte d'Ivoire), Dafing (Mande, Burkina Faso), Amharic (Semitic, Ethiopia), Nobiin (Nilotic, Sudan), and Moro (Kordofanian, Sudan).

I also manage [Twisted Tongues](https://www.twisted-tongues.com/), a database management tool for fieldworkers.
